What's going on?
I'm taking a nap at home
Just notify that there is an earthquake
Come to Tiancheng Square
Yeah, I was working overtime
The plan is not finished yet
Can't do it anymore
This company can't fire me
I wanted to take advantage of this exchange meeting
Reached a cooperation with the island consortium
Head across the phone
The entire dog industry was ruined by Qin Feng
Take a look everyone
All because of this guy
The mysterious chief executive lied about the earthquake
It makes us make trouble with me
Three all-nighters
It's you kid
I can't even make up for it, can I?
I've been looking for this job for three months before I can find it.
Today is the last day to submit proposals
If you hurt my job
I hurry up
Work hard and study hard
It's all caused by this kid
Ladies and gentlemen, listen to me.
What I said is true.
There's going to be a big earthquake here soon.
This fountain is the safest place
Life safety is of paramount importance
Everyone, find a safe place to hide
Hey
Mo Xue, hurry up and bring Yaoyao over
I'm not going in
Not at all right
Dad just doesn't want to accompany Yaoyao on her birthday
Let Yaoyao get wet
Breeze doesn't necessarily have earthquakes
Don't let the child soak in water
Hey breeze
Everyone, hurry up!
Qin Feng
You can fool the Chief Executive into saying there is an earthquake
Do you still want to deceive everyone?
You have achieved nothing
Who do you think will believe what you say?
Breeze, I think you are crazy
Run into the fountain to avoid earthquakes
Cut his face off like a clown
There will be a big earthquake in 2 minutes
This is the safest place
Come here, everyone
Qingfeng, is your brain flooded?
Say earthquake
The mysterious chief executive has caused everyone to suffer huge losses
I want everyone to take the same position as you
It's not like his brain is flooded
How can you say that there is a painting like an earthquake?
City shutdown
How much damage is that going to cause?
Let's beat you to death together, you rumor-mongering dog
Tossed by you like this
If the earthquake doesn't come, it's not over with you
ahead
Didn't you say there would be an earthquake in two minutes?
Earthquake 54321
Earthquake is coming